About Faculty

At Faculty, we transform organisational performance through safe, impactful and human-centric AI.

With a decade of experience, we provide over 300 global customers with software, bespoke AI consultancy, and Fellows from our award winning Fellowship programme.

Our expert team brings together leaders from across government, academia and global tech giants to solve the biggest challenges in applied AI.

Should you join us, you’ll have the chance to work with, and learn from, some of the brilliant minds who are bringing Frontier AI to the frontlines of the world.

About the Role

We're looking for a full-stack Software Engineer to work in our Technology team on our ground-breaking Frontier platform. Your role will focus on scaling our Decision Intelligence platform - providing AI capabilities across high-impact decisions. This comes with genuinely interesting technical challenges, with huge space for creativity and influence.

As we continue to expand our platform's reach, you'll have the unique opportunity to build a scalable AI focussed product, whilst working in a team dedicated to best technical practices.

In this role, you'll be immersed in hands-on work, tackling complex real-world challenges using state-of-the-art technology. From optimising bed management in healthcare institutions to addressing logistics in the military and supporting sustainability goals in various industries, Frontier empowers organisations to make informed decisions through AI-driven insights.

What you will be doing:

At the heart of Decision Intelligence for each customer lies one or more Computational Twins (CT). A CT is a digital representation of an existing business process in which decisions are made. Our platform enables a CT to show historical process performance, model future behaviour and simulate decisions.

As an engineer in the Frontier Solutions team, you will be building the customer facing aspects of Frontier. This ranges from building developer friendly apis for use by customers building products on top of Frontier, to building delightful user experiences that enable Frontier to be used as a SaaS decision intelligence platform.

Your responsibilities will include:

Strong technical contributor to Frontier in one of the teams in the broader Solutions squad, comprising Engineers, Product Designers, Data Scientists and a Product Manager.

Collaborating across Frontier to implement new features, address bugs, and support the product.

Implementing the product using our primary languages - Python & TypeScript. Experience with Infrastructure as Code and Rust are also useful.

What we are looking for:

Back-end engineering experience with either Python or Node plus Typescript and React on the front-end.

Experience with PostgreSQL.

Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines with GitLab.

Good understanding of system architecture and design.

Knowledge of automated testing strategies across various levels of the test pyramid.

Experience working with cross-functional teams of engineers.

Experience collaborating with Product Managers and Product Designers to ensure delightful customer experiences.

Expertise in Docker with deployment on Kubernetes, preferred

An understanding of the AI value chain

Experience with startup-centric fast-paced work, sometimes introducing creative approaches to difficult problems.

What we can offer you:
The Faculty team is diverse and distinctive, and we all come from different personal, professional and organisational backgrounds. We all have one thing in common: we are driven by a deep intellectual curiosity that powers us forward each day.

Faculty is the professional challenge of a lifetime. You’ll be surrounded by an impressive group of brilliant minds working to achieve our collective goals.

Our consultants, product developers, business development specialists, operations professionals and more all bring something unique to Faculty, and you’ll learn something new from everyone you meet.